L.O.R.D. Critical World
Episode 6
Childe Kynil!
Stop struggling.
Since you were welcomed
to the Princess’s with a great fanfare,
how can we just let you go directly?
Don’t put we servants on the spot.
You’ve seen Princess,
and the ceremony is supposed to be held tomorrow.
But Princess means that
all shall be simple
and economical.
Besides, today, you and Princess
can know each other better.
Childe Kynil!
Princess is very stubborn.
You’d better listen to her on everything,
so you can have an easier life.
Go in.
Wait a minute!
Wait!
There’s something wrong.
It seems that the situation is to my advantage.
After all, Rosemary is a woman.
Although she’s a little arrogant,
she must be shy at this moment.
Maybe she’s more scared than me.
Right. I’ll scare her.
Let me go.
No way!
I just said you were more nervous than me.
My lady, can’t you be a little reserved?
Good Heaven! How strong you are!
Well.
We’re not married,
and you can’t wait to go to bed with me.
I understand your mood.
I’m eager to do that, too.
Stop.
Oh, stop.
No, please don’t.
Princess Rosemary,
actually, there’s something important
that I didn’t tell you.
If you know it,
you will definitely reconsider
our marriage.
Besides a Magician,
I’m also...
Oh, the hand of Princess
feels rough.
Oh lord, why am I thinking about the rough hand?
I must focus on figuring out a way.
Relax.
To be honest, for this thing,
I have no loss.
If I give in now,
how can I turn the table?
Right. I’ll be tough.
I’ll scare her away.
It’s just a kiss.
How can I fear you?
Who are you?
Aren’t you Rosemary?
Rosemary, you tricked me again!
Princess said that
if I scared you, she’d give me ten Shells,
if I pushed you over, twenty Shells,
and if I kissed you, fifty Shells.
If I made you cry,
I’m a man, why do I...
If you cried, I’d give her three silver coins.
Princess.
Tell me
how can I make you cry?
Are you crazy?
Why should I cry?
I cry while she gets the money?
You caused troubles on my husband-selecting ceremony.
If I don’t teach you a lesson,
maybe you’ll harm other women.
Today, I do this
to make you remember that.
Well done!
Although he didn’t cry,
I’m still satisfied.
Thank you, Princess.
See you.
Yes.
What’s wrong?
Don’t you like the small gift I gave you,
my bridegroom?
Now you behave like a little woman!
When you made troubles at my ceremony,
didn’t you have much fun?
But now you become a wuss!
I’m a wuss.
Dear Princess Rosemary,
it’s my fault to have ruined your ceremony.
It’s my fault.
Don’t be angry.
See? You also tortured me.
So, we’re even, okay?
Don’t be angry, okay?
Don’t be angry.
Well, let’s get married tomorrow.
Are you crazy?
You’re Princess while I’m a bartender.
Why must you marry me?
Are you hopeless with your life?
No.
I just feel that life
is full of hope and surprise.
I don’t care about your background.
I’m born in a rich family. That’s enough.
Be good.
Since you choose to be my husband,
we’ll get married someday.
Because you marry with Princess, who’s in a higher position,
you must obey me on everything later.
Bah!
You, Princess, tries every means to marry me.
Later? Forget it.
Since you drank the engagement wine and took the bride price,
our marriage is settled.
I remember people who cheat the royal family shall be beheaded.
What’s great to be in a royal family?
I’m Lo...
Lo
Lo what?
Mind your words and behavior.
Don’t reveal yourself.
I’m loath to
let a woman decide the marriage for a man.
Whatever I do, I’ll die.
I’ll make no bones about it.
Believe it or not, I’ll release the Beast to bite you!
I’m so scared.
Release it.
Untie the rope for me.
I’ll release it outside.
There’s not enough room.
Tian Xin,
you’re still a secret emissary of the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
It’s dangerous to leave the Imperial Capital.
Leader, don’t be nervous.
I just accepted the tasks of the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
Besides, I believe they haven’t
targeted me as the traitor of the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
Nonetheless you should be careful.
If Lord IV knows that
you had connections with Dark Tide,
you’ll be at risk.
I know.
So I think I can had in some
information on Dark Tide
to reduce their suspicion on me.
No problem.
We already abandoned one of our strongholds,
where were the dead bodies of some fellows.
You’ll make sure to be the first to get there.
I know.
I’ll settle
the bodies of our fellows.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, by the way,
Yin Chen, Lord VII is in Ryen City.
To track his exact location,
I still need some time.
Don’t bother.
I’ll ask others to handle these incidents.
Your primary task is to protect yourself.
And the best way is to
escape from the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
Can you help me?
Then just mind your own business.
As the leader of Dark Tide,
you take up the heavy responsibility.
Don’t bother to worry about my business.
We’ve been thinking about ways.
No matter when we entered the Heavenly Intelligence Center,
or when we decided to help Dark Tide,
and intercept the information on it,
they’re all my choice.
Even if it is a hard road,
I have to walk on it.
Release it.
I’ll do it!
Oh, you failed to release the Beast.
I’m freaked out!
What did you do to me?
Yes.
What did I do to you?
Well, let me think.
Is it because
the engagement wine I gave you
was added poison that can seal the Magic?
The poison is so expensive.
Without me,
someone may never take it all his life.
How lucky you are!
You look innocent,
but I never thought that...
You ruined my ceremony.
How can you go away as if nothing had happened?
Such small punishment is a mercy to you.
Do you think I’ll really marry you?
You wish!
You don’t want to marry me.
I don’t want to marry you.
Since we have the same thoughts,
why don’t we just part?
Shut up!
From tonight,
you must stay in my residence
and can’t go anywhere else.
I’ll just sleep here.
It’s so warm.
To make you marry me
is not easy.
If I marry you,
I’ll chop you up and feed Ice Fang.
Lord, you called me?
From the last time you were hurt,
you gained much Power indeed.
But it’s still too weak.
So soon,
you are on the verge of death again.
Kill You Ming.
Kill him.
You know what?
Every time you were dying,
you were desperate to kill me.
You revealed your will of killing, so you lost the chance.
Crap!
Kill You Ming.
Today you’re out of chances.
Finish your task quickly.
Such a beauty.
You really have the heart to hurt her.
Unless she were strong enough to fight with me,
in my mind, she would be
the same as others.
Shen Yin is different from other disciples.
No other disciples are always trying to kill their lords.
If the Silver Priest knows that,
she will be Red-Ordered.
If I don’t think there’s any problem,
there won’t be any.
Both Lord of Slaughter and the disciple
are abnormal.
The most abnormal one is criticizing others.
I’m not like you,
who even disobey the Red Order of the Silver Priest.
Why not go quickly
and report it to the superior?
The Heavenly Intelligence Center
was not established for reporting others’ faults.
I hunted Feng Hun several times,
and found that there was strong power behind it.
And my Image
was broken without any reason.
I even can’t sense that.
Then I’m sure keep the Feng Hun
to draw forth that power.
I’ll go back to the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
Don’t let me bury your dead body.
Kynil!
What are you doing?
Have you seen Kynil?
You...
come here.
Princess.
Go into the room and have a rest.
After I finished collecting the dew,
I’ll prepare the cleaning utensils for you.
The dew...
Are you crazy?
You use dew to clean my face?
Princess.
That’s the smart choice.
She didn’t prepare the dew for you,
but for Childe Kynil.
I’ve already prepared yours.
I’ll get it right now.
Childe Kynil!
You’re my maid.
What are you doing?
Oops!
The dew is split over.
Childe Kynil will be angry.
You catch the goose so early in the morning.
Do you want to rebel?
No.
Childe Kynil told us
to catch the goose.
Where is he?
These plants are very precious.
Just do it quickly.
Don’t make Childe Kynil wait for too long.
Kynil again!
Princess.
Why did you get up so early today?
Butler.
You know, Childe Kynil...
Where is he?
Calm down, Princess.
Childe Kynil is out of kindness.
He wants to...
What does he want?
He wants to give you a surprise.
But he asked us to keep the secret.
So you know where he is?
He’s in
the kitchen?
The kitchen?
He didn’t run away!
I’ll see
what on earth he will do today.
Kynil!
Princess.
Why are you here?
I want to ask you why you are here.
I...
I’m cooking the breakfast of love for you.
Breakfast of love?
You asked the cook to find the goose in the yard.
You messed the kitchen up like this.
You’re insane, insane, insane!
I cook the goose to build up your health.
But I dared not kill it,
so I asked the cook to help me.
The goose has a bad temper, you know.
It ran out of the kitchen quickly.
Don’t you tell me
you asked them to collect the dew
is for cooking the goose.
Yes.
How do you know that?
The maid split the dew basin over accidentally.
That’s all right.
I’ll filter the water for some more times.
You mean you have to cut my plants to cook the goose?
I asked the butler to remove the grass and grow crops.
When we want to cook,
we can harvest them handily.
Is that right?
So you mean that
your turning the garden that I took good care of
into a mess
is my fault?
How come it is your fault?
I’ll marry you.
It’s what I should do.
It’s good that you know it.
But let me warn you first.
Once you enter the Marquis’, you have no way to escape.
How do you think I do such things
to make you let me go?
You wronged me.
You wronged me. Do you know it?
I thought about it for a long time yesterday.
And I figured it out.
You are Princess,
while I am an ordinary person.
To marry you
is a boon for me.
If I don’t so something for you,
I can’t forgive myself.
I have no means to forgive myself.
You...
You’re willing to marry me?
Of course, I am.
I couldn’t sleep last night.
I didn’t know what I could do for you,
but only could
make you a simple breakfast.
Come and check out
this ox.
I wanted to use the ox
and the peony in the yard
to cook a cold dish for you.
It’s called “Ox Chewing Peony”.
But they said it had a bad implicit.
So I gave up.
Now I really have the sense that
I’m a beauty who will marry a beast.
Good.
So good!
You’re so smart.
Darling.
You make the flowers pale by comparison.
Your beauty is beyond description.
How did you come up with the name?
I’ll call it
“Beauty and Beast”.
Come on.
This important task is for you.
Kill the ox.
I’ll lead it by your side.
Good Heaven!
A mentally disabled man who can use Magic
is too hard to find.
I’ll go find a doctor for you.
No.
Kill the ox for me.
Lord.
The task of eradicating the stronghold of Dark Tide
is done well.
Thank you, Lord.
What about the other task I gave you?
What did you find?
Have you checked the secret letter?
As soon as I got a message,
I came to hand it to you.
Really?
But why do I feel that
there’s mixed Power on the letter?
Power of top notch is required to open the letter.
I didn’t have such Power.
Do you mean
in terms of sensing the Power,
I made a mistake?
It’s my fault.
I only thought about finishing the task soon,
so I forgot to change my clothes.
And the letter was stained.
I thought
you were followed by the traitor of us.
Have a good rest
and continue to collect information for me,
especially on Dark Tide.
Yes.
Don’t run about.
You know it.
It’s not safe everywhere.
Thank you, Lord.
Do you like it?
I just tested the temperature for you.
Princess Rosemary.
I ordered the butler
to ask the most famous perfume maker in the world
to make the body oil for you.
How do you like it?
Are you that kind?
Of course.
The perfume seller made it overnight.
Princess Rosemary.
I sincerely invite you to have a bath.
Kynil will do the unique
message for you.
Are you crazy?
Somebody helps! He’s a lecher!
I have no time to play with you.
I’ll go home to find Yin Chen.
To marry Princess
is the chance I’ll never have.
Why not look at yourself in the mirror?
Are you as young and handsome as him?
I had some achievements in Ryen City.
But what is that guy?
He comes from the country,
and knows nothing.
What on him attracted Princess?
Maybe she just likes
toy boys who can tell jokes.
The guards are too stupid.
Trapping me? No way!
Should I turn left, or right?
Whatever.
Since I ran away,
I’ll just go forward.
Childe Kynil!
Finally, we find you.
Stop struggling.
Go back to the Marquis’ with us.
I warn you. Don’t come to me,
or I’ll release the Beast to bite you.
Just show it to us.
Ice Fang!
You... really know the Magic?
I
I know. Of course.
Let me tell you:
You’re looking for an ordinary person.
But I’m a Magician.
Don’t catch me.
Don’t come.
I’ll bite you!
Take the bite.
Hurry up!
He’s over there.
Childe Kynil!
Hurry up!
Stop running, Childe Kynil.
Childe Kynil, go back with us!
Childe Kynil!
Who?
Who acts against the Marquis’?
Are you tired of living?
Marquis’?
No way.
Kynil is very tricky.
I have to catch him by myself.
Lord Yin Chen didn’t leave Ryen City.
We’re afraid that...
What?
Are you afraid?
I’m not.
I just worry that
he may find what our task is.
If the Silver Priest knows it...
Are you not confident with the Heavenly Intelligence Center,
or with me?
I dare not.
Be at ease,
Yin Chen’s mind isn’t here.
Do as I say.
He won’t do anything to you.
Yes.
Let me try.
I never thought that in such critical time,
my Magic is somehow brilliant.
What a pity.
Yinchen didn’t see my handsome actions.
Come and chase me!
You can’t catch up with me.
Come!
Kynil, Stop!
Are you blind?
What are you doing?
Just go.
How dare you?
Do you know who I am?
How dare you attack me?
Princess.
The Heavenly Intelligence Center is performing a mission.
Please don’t stop us.
Do you think
I’m talking to you as Princess?
Who are you?
Why do you catch me?
Did you also make the ice plates?
Oh, they’re here to catch you.
As long as I send you out,
I’ll be safe.
Naive.
They already saw me with you.
Only if both of us die will they stop.
What are they?
The Heavenly Intelligence Center.
The Heavenly Intelligence Center?
What on earth is the Heavenly Intelligence Center?
Why did they catch you?
Calm down, Princess.
We have to follow the order.
When the important criminal is caught,
we’ll definitely come back to apologize for the offence.
That’s more like it.
But I ask you to apologize right now.
In this case,
don’t blame us on our attack, Princess.
Seemingly, it’s because
they think I’m a traitor of the Heavenly Intelligence Center,
but in fact,
it’s because I know some secrets of the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
Okay. I want neither to listen to it
nor to know it.
Right now,
right now, I want to leave.
If you go out, you will to die.
Why did you enter the world of Magicians?
I only want to be a bartender in Blessings Town,
to be a nobody.
No, I have to help her.
Didn’t you say you wanted to be a nobody?
But I should solve the current problem first.
I made a Barrier.
They can’t see you now.
But the Barrier can only last for fifteen minutes.
What on earth will you do?
That’s enough. Enough!
Rosemary!
It’s your turn.
What happened?
Lord VII,
your new disciple
is trying to stop the Heavenly Intelligence Center from performing a mission.
That’s impossible.
He’s escaping from the hunting of the Marquis’.
He’s with the traitor of the Heavenly Intelligence Center.
What?
Run faster, please,
or we’ll kick the bucket.
Kynil!
Marry with me, quickly.
My lady,
it’s so urgent now.
Can’t you stop talking about our wedding?
Life or marriage, which is more important?
You’re the one that the Heavenly Intelligence Center is hunting for.
Not me, but him.
Then it’s easy.
Go with me.
Wait.
Why are the young people nowadays so childish?
I don’t want to repeat.
Kynil!
Tell her.
What do you mean?
Listen:
He knew a great secret,
great enough for the Heavenly Intelligence Center to hunt him down at whatever cost.
And then they’ll hunt you down, and then me.
Understand?
Don’t you have a super powerful Beast?
Release it.
Forget it.
He even can’t use his Power
in a proficient way.
Then what can we do?